The ship passing by was making noise.
Tokudon liked to be in the sea, so he looked over.
There was a ship over there, too.
It was a very loud sound.
He looked at Tokudon's face and laughed.
Tokudon also laughed at it.
Suddenly, I felt a tingle in my chest.
I can't get better.
It doesn't matter.
When they exchanged the radio waves,
the young lady who looked at the ship got angry.
Until now, the young lady's face was white.
Her eyes were slightly cherry-colored.
They turned red.
She looked at the fire in London from the dover,
and she looked at it from the French coast.
But when she saw Tokudon,
she looked at it from the dover.
She looked at it with anger and anger.
She was angry and jealous.
She was more angry than she was allowed to speak.
It doesn't matter if it's an activity or a band.
The sound of the radio waves was loud.
It was a sound, but I was sure.
Tokusaburo looked at the face of the young lady
and smiled.
That smile wasn't just a smile.
It was a smile from the heart.
There was a love problem behind that smile.
That kind of water-scented person, go to the other ship.
I was abandoned by my mother.
It's boring to live as a result of love.
I threw myself into this river and died.
I ran away.
I thought it was important to get revenge.
I was surprised and pulled back.
Tokudon grabbed my sleeve and pulled me.
I was confused.
My mother was surprised and swallowed my gums.
I thought it was dangerous.
I said, stop it.
I was in a hurry.
Tokudon said,
I'm sorry.
It's not like that.
Please forgive me.
I'm a man, but I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It doesn't matter.
It's not good to be on the road.
I'm sorry.
I was sorry.
I was angry.
refrain from criticism
from gaming
Record it firmly.
Say it properly.
For a man,
it is这是
Before I have problems or
they did something wrong.
If they gave me a voice saying this,
I was honored.
I already you're proud of the
resolve,
I'm a man and a woman, and I'm a saber.
I'm not half as strong as you.
If you're a man and a woman, I'm a saber.
So what am I?
You're small, so you're a knife.
You're fat and wide, so you're a knife.